[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So my topic for
this evening is,
I call this UAP among
a world in revolution.
And so it's a dual theme.
This is a dual theme that
has been important to me
for a number of years.
It's been obvious to
me, even before we
were invaded by ChatGPT
over the last year,
and how AI has obviously just
invested itself in our world.
I just saw a headline, I think,
two or three days ago, something
like, more than 50%
of Americans are now
afraid that AI is going
to take their jobs.
So I don't know if
that's a true statistic,
but I could believe it.
I could believe it.
So there's that whole thing.
We're in a world in
absolute revolution,
and I'm going to be talking
a lot about that revolution.
But at the same time, there's
this other incredible thing
that's going on,
that we're getting
a little bit of attention now in
our society about UFOs or UAP,
but not nearly enough, and
not the right, in my view,
the right kind of
discussion is happening.
And I will give my take on why
I think it should be changing.
There's two themes.
And it's not by accident
that we're dealing with them
both at the same time today.
That's my view.
I think there's a
reason that there
is a confluence of these two
massively important things
happening in our world.
So let me get started here.
So we are living in a
world in revolution.
I've said this to a few people,
and I think people get it.
But I think sometimes
we don't get it.
It's not just all of this stuff.
The digital
revolution-- and I've
got some bullet points up here.
And it begins-- only
begins to cover.
The digital revolution, we've
been dealing with for 30 years,
basically, maybe
a little longer.
The world of the internet.
I mean, it's still
easy for us to forget,
because it's been here
for a few decades,
just how unbelievably it has
turned our world upside down
from the before times.
Some of us remember, and
it's been kind of incredible.
Now, then we have artificial
intelligence, which finally
we're all starting to see.
I say finally, because I've
been talking about the AI
revolution for almost 20 years.
It's been important for me.
I saw it coming.
I did.
And we're now seeing it
begin to transform our world.
Quantum computing,
that's not something
that we see in our
world every day.
But behind the scenes, it's
going to become massively
important, indeed.
Essentially, turn current
computing upside down
in a lot of ways.
Then there's genetic
manipulation, CRISPR,
gene-editing technology,
basically moving us
toward a transhumanist future.
What is that going to look like?
Along with all of
these other revolutions
that are happening
at the same time?
Nanotech, same thing.
It's microscopic manipulation
of down to the level
of the molecule or even atom to
create things like metamaterials
that essentially would
be considered magical
in any other time.
Global communication is
just a general revolution.
The fact that you can Skype
someone in another country
instantly, video calls, and
other kinds of communications
instantaneously.
We take it for granted, but
it has changed our society
and it has also changing human
psychology in a lot of ways
as well.
Consciousness revolution,
and that's a surprise.
People who know
me, they're like,
Dolan doesn't talk
about consciousness.
But actually, Dolan is
interested in consciousness,
and I do want to
talk about that.
We're having a revolution
in a lot of ways
relating to consciousness.
Certainly, let's just
say scientifically,
you've got brain
experts, neurologists,
experts who are really having
some interesting conversations
about how the human
mind actually operates.
What is the human mind?
Is it all located inside
that brain of yours,
or are there other
things going on?
That's interesting.
And then, of course, the
crowd here, the audience here,
and the people who
are speaking here
are also interested in
consciousness as a revolution
as well, and what are
the potentials there?
All of this is new for us.
And then political revolution.
I have that dumped right in
the middle, which is weird
because I've been a political
maniac my whole life,
and I've studied geopolitics
longer than I've studied UFOs.
And I see a revolution
happening around the world.
I don't know if it's
a good revolution.
We tend to think of revolutions
as the French Revolution,
the American Revolution, the
people making a revolution.
But not all revolutions
are by the people.
Some revolutions are
directed from above.
Revolution from above.
Hitler did that,
Stalin did that.
Other powerful national leaders
created a revolution from above.
They decide, because they think
they're smarter than everyone
else, that they're going
to remake society according
to their utopian vision.
And make no mistake,
those totalitarian visions
were all utopian,
every one of them.
It was the idea of
someone who said,
Humanity needs to be improved.
I'm going to do it, and we're
going to make it happen.
Revolution from above.
Sometimes, it's
just as simple as, I
want to have all
the power to myself,
and I'm going to remake
everything so that I
can live like an emperor.
But there's often an ideology
there, and there is one today.
We are experiencing a global
revolution from above right now.
And we need to understand
why it's happening
and how it's happening.
And I will be
talking about that.
An energy revolution.
I almost didn't include
this, but the fact
is we are in the
midst of, at least,
you are seeing a global attempt
to reorient how human beings
acquire and use energy.
We will see how far it goes.
We're still in fossil
fuels pretty much big time.
But there are
other possibilities
that await, including things
that are relevant for the UFO
or UAP subject.
Because after all,
as I have often said,
whatever those objects use
to go from here to there,
it's not high octane gasoline.
It's something a
little bit better.
There's obviously a
solution in terms of energy
to explain whatever
it is they do.
And it's, I would
say, in our interest
to find out what that is.
So that's a revolution.
And then disclosure, I
didn't call a revolution.
I called it an insurgency.
We're having a
disclosure insurgency.
And not all, by the way,
only about UFOs or UAP.
That's one, and we're going
to be talking about that.
But actually, I
would say that there
is a growing
movement among people
around the world for all
kinds of transparency,
all kinds of disclosures
on different subjects.
But certainly, in the area
that I'll be talking about,
there is an insurgency going on.
And we're going to talk
about that as well.
So those are some.
That gets scratching
the surface.
That revolutionary stuff
that I'm talking about
is going on with the
backdrop of these objects.
And they are objects,
many of them.
The thing-- we hear UAP now
all the time, which is--
that acronym has gone through
some changes, by the way.
But now, it stands for, I think,
unknown aerial phenomena--
or no, unknown anomalous
phenomena, excuse me.
It's, kind of, a good word.
I mean, I resisted it for
a while, I will admit that.
I didn't like the fact that
it seemed a little more
vague, a little more nebulous.
I didn't like the fact that
it made the notion of UFO
less distinct.
And also, I was concerned, when
we started hearing the phrase
"UAP," that the whole subject
was being rebranded in a way
that I didn't--
like I understood in a way.
I do understand.
But part of me was
thinking, I don't really
know if I like this because
I see the history getting
siphoned out of this subject.
It's like this whole thing
started, what, with the tic
tac in 2004.
And I'm thinking, there was a
whole 20th century of this that
included a cover-up, by the way,
that I thought we need to be
talking about.
And my fear is-- and
it remains, actually--
is that that's being taken away.
We should not forget UFO.
I frankly really feel
that way because there
are times when we're really
talking about objects, craft.
And I don't
personally like to see
that get lost in the shuffle.
But anyway, the greater point
here is simply that these
revolutionary things happening
in our world are occurring
against a backdrop of
incredibly intense and active,
and daily sightings of
UFOs, and sometimes UAP,
around the world every
single day, every single day,
including scenes like
I have depicted here,
that is 2:00 AM sighting of
a flying saucer or a triangle
sometimes hovering over your
home or your neighbor's home
in the dead of night.
And I know this because I've
been fanatically reading
thousands and thousands
more UFO reports
over the last couple of years.
There are a number
of patterns that you
see emerge in these sightings.
One of the patterns
is this 2:00 AM thing.
Someone will write in, they'll
say, well, I couldn't sleep.
I went outside, and
I almost didn't see.
I almost missed it.
They'll often say this.
These things are stealthy
in the extreme frequently.
They're very quiet,
often easy to miss.
But there they are.
And what are they doing
over your neighbor's house
or your house, by the way, at
2:00 in the morning or 3:00
in the morning?
There's a significant subset of
sightings that are exactly that.
There's another-- there's
a bunch of subsets.
What we want to look for in
these things are patterns,
and that's one
thing I try to do.
But anyway, my point
is all of us going on,
and we have thousands of
these sightings every year.
I'm going to get into that
more specifically shortly.
And all of this is happening
with basically no understanding,
no recognition that
it's happening.
I mean, you really
think about it.
Those of us who are interested
in this subject of UFOs,
after a while, you learn
to take it for granted.
At first, it always
is kind of crazy.
It's like, my god, this is real.
But then after, six months, or
six years, or 30 years for me
and some of you for longer,
then you're used to it.
But the fact is,
it's a crazy thing.
It blankets the world.
And we don't really
talk about it.
We don't get into that.
So there's that.
And then the fact that
all of the transformation
of the human species that
is going on right now,
that is not even now.
It's really not fully
appreciated, in my opinion.
Now, it's true, people
throughout history
has been the rule.
There's always been a
lot of change happening.
And usually, people don't truly
appreciate the depth and power
of those changes until
maybe generations later.
But this is what
we've got going on.
It really is big,
and we really need
to get a handle on
what is happening.
So we've got to do
a little bit better.
This is a slide I actually
created a couple of years ago,
but I wanted to bring
this in because it
covers what I say pretty well.
It gives a visual
of our transhuman
era that we're kind
of moving into.
It's a nice guy, a happy
guy with a bionic arm.
The top center is a robot or an
AI robot built a couple of years
ago.
I think she's in Qatar, if
I'm not mistaken, named Sofia.
And you can talk to her.
I'm sure there's better now.
On the top right is an
artist's representation
of how humans may look in--
who knows? a few
centuries, whatever,
maybe a few thousand years.
Human evolution does continue.
All evolution continues
because life simply
adapts to new surroundings
that it finds itself in,
and either adapts,
transforms, or disappears.
And so the idea is that human
eyes are going to get larger.
The human cranium brain, they
say, is going to get larger.
Although, I really
feel bad for you
ladies who are going to have
to deliver babies with heads.
I'll be serious.
Like any larger--
there are limits.
But what are we hearing
about these days?
We're hearing about artificial
incubators, artificial children.
I don't think that's
going to go away.
I think there will continue to
be a growing movement for this.
I don't think that's a
good thing, by the way.
I mean, yes, I haven't
gone through labor,
I will admit that.
But I get a little
nervous when I
see our species moving so
dramatically away from what
we are biologically.
It makes me a little nervous.
I'm not going to lie.
But anyway, we are
looking at that.
And in such a
situation, you could
see human heads
genetically maybe
being designed a
bit larger, probably
at the expense of
other body parts
because the brain is
very expensive in terms
of your nutrition.
It's an energy hog, and it's
going to need a lot more.
So it'll come at the expense
of other things maybe.
On the bottom,
artist's rendition
of an alien human hybrid.
And of course, one of the Greys.
And you can see, we are--
are we going through
a transformation here?
Maybe.
I consider it not an irony and
not a coincidence necessarily.
Maybe an irony,
but probably not.
That we are in now the
process of achieving
a transhumanist society,
or at least maybe
the early stages of
that, at the same time.
That we are seeing large
numbers of non-human
intelligences making their
appearance in large numbers.
I'm going to get into
the whole thing of,
have they been here
forever or not?
Well, let's put a pin in that.
Let me move on.
There's a bunch of questions
we should be asking.
I have a bunch more
lined up for you later.
But let's just start with a few.
What changes should
we be expecting
in the next decade,
or two decades,
or maybe 50 years, or more?
It's an interesting
question to think about.
I'm sure I'm not the only one.
I'm sure many of you have
wondered the same thing.
And here's another question,
what's the attitude of them,
the non-human intelligences
amidst this transformation?
Do they have an
attitude about it?
Well, I can only speculate
and we can only speculate,
but we're going to.
I will.
I'll be sharing it.
There's a hint of what
we should be expecting.
Think hive mind.
And that's something
actually that's
been sought after,
believe it or not,
by visionaries, if we can call
them that, for at least 50,
60 years at a minimum.
There have been a number think
tank thinkers who are futurists,
at least as far
back as the 1960s,
that era of ultimate scientific
utopianism, where take a pill.
Instead of eat a steak meal,
just have this, have this pill,
have this, and all of that.
There were people
who said, we're
going to need to have a
hive mind in the future.
All consciousness is going
to be connected in some way.
Yes, people were arguing
this back in the 1960s.
And I think that's
a real possibility.
We're already seeing it
through like social media
and the immersion
that we have digitally
with-- kind of consciousness
that's invading you.
You can't escape it.
If you have social
media presence,
you're already experiencing
the beginnings of a hive mind.
And our society is
already experiencing
the results of a hive mind
that is just beginning.
This is one reason why everyone
gets so worked up over politics,
I'm convinced.
It's like in your face.
It's like choo, choo, choo.
And there's no escape.
There's no escape.
And it's transforming us not
always, I think, for the better.
The transformation is taking
us, what I firmly believe--
this is my own
little pet theory--
of bringing humanity
into what I have
been calling the fourth
stage of its existence.
The fourth stage.
Now, you're
thinking, well, we've
been around for a long
time and only four stages?
Yes, only four stages.
That's right.
I'm going to show you the
first three real quickly.
This is a good
characterization of stage 1.
It's a stage we lived
in for a long time.
Over the last five years,
I've really gone deep
into human prehistory.
It's become a very
strong interest of mine
because I started
because I actually--
I think the ancient
aliens theory is actually
what started me.
I thought, I don't like
having holes in my knowledge.
So is there a place in our
ancient past for alien tinkering
or who knows what?
Anything interesting.
And so I just started reading,
and then I read, and then
I read, and read some
more, and read some more,
and I haven't stopped.
And I'm fascinated.
I'm utterly,
absolutely captivated
by the long history
of our species
and the stages of
our civilization.
And stage 1, let's just call it
simple hunting and gathering.
There's a lot going on.
There's a lot of
different levels to that.
It's not all the same.
Homo erectus, 2 million years
ago, they were doing it.
Did a pretty good job.
Now, this is an image
of a human society,
maybe 50,000 years ago or so.
A little more advanced, but
really the same fundamental form
of existence, and one that we
really had until we reached
stage 2, which is development
of agriculture and animal
husbandry, about
10,000 years ago.
Happened over stage,
not overnight.
It took a little while.
But, well, you never knew
how good the Medieval people
can clean up until
you see the hunters
and gatherers before them.
But he's doing all right there.
And it's a pretty good life.
It's nicer houses and control
over all kinds of species,
both plant and animal.
And it's a stage too.
This is like-- this is
everything from ancient Sumer,
to the Roman Empire, to
the Italian Renaissance.
And it was a good run.
It was a great run for humanity.
Violent, vicious, nasty,
but you could really
see us getting our groove on.
But here's the point,
I think that there
is a fundamental unity, even
from an Egyptian peasant working
off the Nile to someone
in this much more modern--
I mean, if you transported
one to the other,
they'd basically get it.
Even though there's thousands
of years of distance,
they would understand the nature
of that society pretty well.
A couple of adaptations here
and there, but really not all
that different.
You're working with
animals, you're
working hard as manual labor,
you've got to communal settings.
All of that is very important.
And then you get to stage 3,
here's a nice representation.
Talk about cleaning up nice.
Hey, the 1960s, we
had it going on.
Stage 3 is the stage of
science and advanced industry.
So really starting, let's
say, the late 1700s,
where it really gets going.
The 19th century, the century
of the American Civil War
and Napoleon, that's
where humanity really,
truly began transforming this
world: Railroads, the telegraph.
There's some instant
communication for you.
Global shipping and all of the
beginnings of the stock market,
and that's stage 3.
It's the world we
were all born into.
And it's a great world.
It was a great world.
It was a great run.
Much shorter run
than stages 1 or 2.
They're speeding up.
And now, we're moving
into, well, I don't know.
I don't know what
stage 4 is going to be.
But it's not going to
be the same as stage 3.
That's a guarantee.
Something radically different.
It's not just one little
thing that's changing.
It's, as I was saying, AI
embedded into our world.
And we're only at
the beginning of AI.
We all know.
How far can it go?
Whose job is at risk?
You know, every one of us
speakers here, we wonder this--
I wonder-- I mean, really, I do.
One day, you're not going
to need a guy like me.
You can just ask your AI
for something about UFOs.
And it may do a
better job than I do.
I hope-- not yet, not yet.
But I feel like John Henry.
Remember John Henry,
the steel-driving man?
They come up with a way to drive
steel for the railroads that's
better than a human being.
John Henry was real strong.
And he's like, ain't no
machine's going to beat me.
And so they have a race.
And he wins.
But then he dies of a
heart attack, I believe.
So yeah.
Anyway, Stage 4 is weird
because we don't know,
but there will be things like
very likely brain computer
interfaces.
So that's one thing.
What's that going to be like?
Like a little
thing in your brain
literally feeding
you information,
taking your thoughts
because it probably
has got to go both ways.
That's a little weird.
It's the whole thing of privacy
just going away forever,
like forever.
How are we going to manage that?
Like, how is that
going to change people?
You're already
seeing the changes.
We don't have BCIs in our heads.
But you're seeing the
effects on the human psyche
from having less and less
privacy because everyone's
in a little fish tank now.
And you got to duck--
duck so that you don't--
just stay in your little lane.
Stay in your lane.
So that's one thing.
It's a transformation that is
happening underway right now.
We're going into this,
as I call, Stage 4.
And I'll say further that
our species is being shaped
to conform with the
infrastructure we are creating
or that is actually now
creating itself almost.
This is something--
I actually said this
on my website a few months ago.
And I haven't really
fully worked it out.
But I'm quite convinced of the
phrase, we serve the system.
We serve the system.
And what does that mean?
Well, I realize, we've--
throughout our history, we've
created systems of existence
to serve our needs, so we think.
But the reality is that a
human being must conform
to the rules of the system
that he or she is in
or you pay a penalty.
In ancient times, when
you're a hunter and gatherer,
the system was your
natural environment.
And you better
adhere to the rules,
like defend yourself
against wild animals,
or you're going to die.
Build a shelter, or
you're going to die.
There are certain rules that you
have to follow in that system.
And we did a great job.
And we did it.
And then we started
developing a kind
of an artificial
environment with Stage 2,
where we're controlling
animals now.
We never did that before.
We're like, cows, you're
working for us now.
We're going to grow you.
We're going to keep you here.
We're going to feed you.
We're going to eat you later.
But you're going
to live with us.
Wolves, you're going
to become dogs.
Chickens, get over here.
Plants, we're going to
remake you and grow.
You're going to become
wheat and all of that.
So we just take it for granted.
We control this natural world.
And we've created over
these various stages--
look what we're in.
We're in the Luxor Hotel.
Could you imagine
what would be like
if we took one of those
hunters and gatherers
and brought them here?
They would lose their mind.
They would actually
probably lose their mind.
But we've created a completely
artificial environment.
Again, we take for granted.
We're used to it.
We're adaptable.
It's good for us.
But we must serve the
needs of this system.
What is this system?
It's an artificial
system that relies now
on a digital infrastructure.
International shipping has got
to be exactly a certain way.
Or those goods won't go from
China to here or wherever.
There's rules and bureaucracy
that must be in place.
That's the system.
You've got to serve that system.
We created it for our needs.
But now we must serve it.
And here's the real irony.
We have now created a system
with AI in which we are not
going to be necessary.
This is important to understand.
We like to think,
oh, well, we create
these systems for our benefit.
But that's not really true.
We think they're
for our benefit.
But we must serve their needs.
There is a logic to
the infrastructure
and the technology
that we have created.
And that logic is inexorable.
And it will be obeyed.
It will be obeyed.
The logic is for maximum
efficiency of itself.
And if--
So you have corporations.
It's like if you reincarnated
Buddha or Jesus Christ
and made them the
head of ExxonMobil.
Do you think they'd be able
to change a thing about how
that corporation is run?
No.
The corporation has its
own inexorable logic
that must be followed.
And if the profits aren't there,
well, they get booted out.
They're no longer CEO.
And that's the reality.
So we must serve the system.
It has its own logic.
30 plus years ago, Bill
Joy, one of the co-founders
of Sun Microsystems, famously
said, hey, this AI, we
got to stop this right
now because this is not
going to go well for us.
It's going to-- and
everyone was looking at him
like, What drugs are you taking?
Like, how do you see this
as even remotely possible?
And indeed, there wasn't.
There wasn't any way
that anyone could see
because corporations compete.
Nations compete.
Militaries compete.
That has to be developed.
AI, from their point
of view, has to happen.
There is no way around it.
There are too many forces in
the world that were pushing it.
And so we as a
species are forced
to conform to the
needs of the system.
We serve the system.
That's, in a nutshell,
my thought on that.
So transhumanism, post-humanism,
it is becoming a fact.
When will it become a
reality, a true reality?
I don't know.
I don't know if it's 20
years, maybe less, maybe more.
I don't know.
But for the same reasons that
AI is a fact, which will be--
you can imagine parents
wanting their kids
to get maybe a little
bit of extra advantage.
We'll do a little genetic
tweaking here, make them
a little bit better immune
system or a little smarter
or whatever.
I guarantee you there's going
to be negative repercussions
that no one is predicting.
We're going to see
"Jurassic Park"
on a wide scale in the sense
of unintended consequences.
That will happen.
But it will not stop
this from happening.
Transhumanism,
you mark my words,
that's going to happen in
the next generation and two
generations and then beyond.
It's off to the races.
So what is changing
in our world?
Well, pretty much everything
is changing, right down
to the fundamentals of what
it means to be a human being,
that is, your family relations.
You think about
how families were.
Back in the old
country, my mom, they're
all Italian Americans-- cheek
pinching, back slapping,
in your face.
Hey, Richie, get over here.
I grew up with that.
And I love and
miss those people.
They were the best.
And I'm sure all of you
have your own version
of that kind of family memory.
And I would like to think
that that will continue.
But there's a little nagging
concern that it won't.
Something's changing.
Family relationships
are changing.
How we form our communities
is fundamentally changing.
These are basic facts of what
it means to be a human being--
how we find our husband or wife
or boyfriend or girlfriend,
how we court and mate.
But actually-- I said
husband and wife at first.
But that's going away.
You see, the world that we've
created destroys marriages.
I mean, it just destroys them.
We see it.
So that's changing.
Food, how you do your food--
I'm sure some of you are great.
I know some of you
are amazing cooks.
But a lot of people
don't cook anymore.
We've become sort of
divorced from our food--
how we eat it,
how we prepare it.
All of that's different.
We have a different
relationship to something
as basic and fundamental
as the food that we eat.
How kids grow up, how
we look at each other--
that's changing.
That's why I picked this
photograph, this picture here,
right?
How many times
have you seen that?
And our level of privacy
is dramatically changing.
You may not feel it in
your day to day life.
I understand that.
If you're a public person,
you probably do feel it.
But even if you're someone
who's got a Facebook page
and your family and friends
are on it, you feel it anyway.
You feel it anyway.
You know.
OK, there's all these eyes here.
And that just gets
bigger and bigger.
So these aren't trivial things.
These are fundamental
things about what
it means to be a human being.
And all of it's
changing, basically
in the snap of a finger.
And you could say
these are good changes.
Yeah, some of them are-- we love
them all when they seem new.
But then we see a
lot of the effects.
On a more basic political,
social level, other things
are also changing--
the internet.
Maybe what I'm saying on the top
here is a little extreme but not
too much.
I say it's turning back into TV.
OK, not totally.
It's not quite like 1980s.
Ugh, remember that.
There's a little bit more on
the web than 1980s television.
But you can see
the guard rails--
and that's the word we hear
all the time-- are there.
You know, the monitoring
against harm to you.
If you read the wrong
thing, that could harm you.
So we need to curate your news.
You hear that word
a lot-- curating.
That's just a nice word
for censoring, of course.
It's turning back
into TV, only worse.
And the worst part is that
it's looking back at you.
That's like the Big
Brother out of Orwell.
Your internet's looking at you
every time you're on there.
So that's not too cool.
But that's happening.
The surveillance
state is all around.
Again, it tries to
make itself invisible.
It does a good job
a lot of the time.
But it's all there.
It's always there.
And you know it's there.
And along with that,
of course, everything
else that follows-- a radical
reduction in permissible speech.
I just read an
article a week ago.
A couple of women in the UK
got arrested because they put
the wrong thing on Facebook.
And they're in jail.
They expressed the
wrong opinion, whatever.
And I'm not going to get
into that whole thing.
But UK arresting and imprisoning
two women for a Facebook post--
I mean, this is insane.
By the way, the English
Commonwealth nations
are some of the
worst now by far in--
I mean, I feel like,
how different are you
from China at this point?
Not very.
The US is still better off.
We still have the
First Amendment.
I mean, thank God.
That's our saving grace.
But the UK, Canada,
Australia, and New Zealand--
not so great.
Not so great.
Digital control over
your money will increase.
And that can happen
at any time now.
And it will be more likely
once you start seeing
digital currencies rolled out.
They're not there yet.
But that will happen.
The whole issue of
AI and employment--
I mentioned before
the fear of job loss.
And obviously, that will happen.
Yeah, jobs will be created.
But it will really be the
same amount that are lost,
maybe in the long term with a
radical reduction in population
and a reorganization.
But for right now,
for our lifetimes,
I think it's going to be very,
very difficult, very tough.
And that's a whole other
problem that we are not
dealing with very well
as a society at all.
And then the BCI,
Brain-Computer Interface--
can you imagine?
I mean, let's just put
some things together here.
So I'm having a conversation
with my BCI with some friend.
And then you've got
AI algorithms probably
monitoring every conversation.
I mean, how far away
are we from a situation
where an algorithm is going
to monitor what you say
and give a safer output
because what you're saying
is deemed harmful?
I'm starting to use
the DALL-E art program.
Canva has got a really
nice feature on it.
And I can create
some really cool art.
And I'm putting in totally
like tame subjects.
And it's telling me,
you can't do this.
You can't do that.
This violates art.
I'm just trying to create
a guy with a cowboy hat.
What's the problem here?
But it won't do it frequently.
So you already see
this happening.
And I can at least envision
this going really, really south
for us.
We're here in the United States.
And we're used to a certain
amount of freedom and privacy.
But first of all,
there's a whole rest
of the world out there.
And they're not going to get it.
They will not get the
protections that we have.
They will not get
those protections.
Not gonna happen for them.
But secondly, how long do you
think we're going to keep ours?
I hear people saying all the
time, well, we need Elon Musk.
We need to put in safeguards.
And yeah, all
right, yeah, we all
heard you got to
put in safeguards.
How long do you think those
safeguards are going to last?
One generation,
maybe two generations
if we're really lucky, 40 years?
Well, eventually,
they're going to go away
because, you know
why, there's always
going to be a new crisis
that takes them away.
It's always going to be another
one right around the corner.
Political crisis-- well, we
got an election coming up.
Oh, my dear God.
Don't even get me started there.
But I'm bringing it up
here because we've all
gone into crazy mode in
the last decade or so.
And you can see, can't you?
The justification
that a government
could have to regulate your
speech and your person even more
to prevent harm from coming
to the rest of society.
They're using that word harm
all the time for all sorts
of inappropriate ways.
But they'll do it.
So there's, in other
words, many crises
that can happen that will prompt
central powers to exacerbate
the draconian controls
that they're already
exerting over the population,
I guess, or biological.
We had COVID just a
couple of years ago.
Do we think that's never
going to happen again?
You can see.
In some labs, someone's
cooking up something.
And who knows where
that will end?
So we're just primed.
We're primed for
another great crisis.
It could be a combination of any
of the above or something else
I'm not even thinking about.
One more great crisis, maybe
two or three more great crises--
maybe that's happening
because we're
seeing this transformation
of the human species.
And to create this end result,
that's what's happening.
[THEME MUSIC]